  /** ABOUT THE PROJECT:
     * The project uses socket instead of servlets. Commands should be given through the console
     *
     * 1. The persistence layer class contains the JDBC connection
     *
     * 2. Each entity class will have their own persistence layer were data from the DB is stored / fetched
     *
     * 3. "Customer" and "Admin" extends the abstract class "User" to inherit common properties
     *
     * 4. "MainMenu" class contains the front screen of the application, from which we navigate to other modules
     *
     * 5. User input has to be true to the nature of the question (i.e. Should only enter an integer
     *  when the question demands an integer.)
     *
     * 6. "PurchaseHistoryBackup" - Asynchronously serializes the purchase history of customers who has
     *   made at least 1 order. Each customer will have their own folder within which their orders will be present.
     *
     * 7. "DataImport" class has the logic for converting a csv file into a POJO.
     *
     *
     *
     * FOLDERS:
     *
     * a) protobuf - This directory contains the ".proto" message along with a shell command. When the shell command is
     * executed, the builder classes are generated in the protobuilder package.
     *
     * b) protobuilder - contains the list of builder classes generated by the proto compiler.
     *
     * c) protoconstructor - obtains the data from DB and serializes it into a binary file and stores it in the
     * "backups" directory.
     *
     * d) backups - Contains 2 folders, "Complete_backup" & "Purchase_history". It is the place where the backups are stored.
     *   "purchase_history" backup is will be asynchronously backed up as soon as the application starts.
     *
     * e) DATA/EXPORT - contains 2 classes which has the logic for exporting the data in a binary file.
     *
     * f) DATA/IMPORT - contains 2 directories "Customers" & "Products". If a CSV file containing the list of
     *   Customer and Products are placed in the respective folders, the admin will have an option to import them
     *   when he logs in
     */
